[#12449] Recommend using a single conn for DDL scripts & migrations (#26900)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more information, see [Connection pooling](../../drivers-orms/smart-drivers/#connection-pooling).
{{</lead>}}

### Database migrations and connection pools

> Note that, in some special cases, connection pools may trigger unexpected errors while running a sequence of database migrations or other DDL operations. Due to the distributed nature of YugabyteDB, it may take a while for the result of a DDL to fully propagate to all caches on all nodes in the cluster. After a DDL statement completes, the next DDL statement that runs right afterwards on a different postgres connection may, in rare cases, see errors such as `duplicate key value violates unique constraint "pg_attribute_relid_attnum_index"`, as described [here](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/12449). It is recommended to use a single connection while running a sequence of DDL operations as is common with application migration scripts with tools such as Flyway or Active Record Migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some special cases, connection pools may trigger unexpected errors while running a sequence of database migrations or other DDL operations. Due to the distributed nature of YugabyteDB, it can take a while for the result of a DDL to fully propagate to all caches on all nodes in a cluster. As a result, after a DDL statement completes, the next DDL statement that runs right afterwards on a different PostgreSQL connection may, in rare cases, see errors such as `duplicate key value violates unique constraint "pg_attribute_relid_attnum_index"` (see issue {{<issue 12449>}}). It is recommended to use a single connection while running a sequence of DDL operations, as is common with application migration scripts with tools such as Flyway or Active Record.
```
